Document running subctl diagnose from a Pod (#700)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/operations/deployment/subctl/_index.en.md

|:-----------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`    | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default `$HOME/.kube/config`)
| `--kubecontext` `<string>`   | Kubeconfig context to use

> | `--in-cluster`              | Use the in-cluster configuration to connect to Kubernetes.

Reviewer: What would be the behaviour of this flag when run as a stand-alone command and not as a pod?

Author: It will return error to user.

> | `--in-cluster`              | Use the in-cluster configuration to connect to Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--in-cluster`               | Use the in-cluster configuration to connect to Kubernetes.
```

To align the ASCII, but the MD still seems to work so non-blocker.

> | `--in-cluster`              | Use the in-cluster configuration to connect to Kubernetes. Use when running `diagnose` from a Pod in cluster

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `--in-cluster`              | Use the in-cluster configuration to connect to Kubernetes when running from a Pod within a cluster
```

Reviewer 4: The flag itself only specifies that the in-cluster configuration be used. Using a run-on sentence suggests that the in-cluster configuration will only be used when `subctl` is run from a Pod within a cluster; but that’s not the case, running with `--in-cluster` will always look for an in-cluster configuration.

| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`        | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s)
| `--namespace` `<string>`         | Namespace in which Submariner is installed (default "submariner-operator")
| `--yes`                          | Automatically answer yes to confirmation prompt

### Running `subctl diagnose` from a Pod in cluster

> `subctl` image containing the subctl binary can be used to run subctl from a Pod within the cluster. `subctl diagnose`

Reviewer 2: Per the K8s Docs Style Guide, we should try to avoid starting sentences with tool names.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#starting-a-sentence-with-a-component-tool-or-component-name

Also re-adding the 0.12.0 detail per discussion elsewhere, sorry for the bad feedback.

```suggestion
As of 0.12.0, a `subctl` image is provided for running the `subctl` binary from a Pod within a cluster. The output of `subctl diagnose`
```

> As of release 0.12.0, a new `subctl` image containing the subctl binary is now available in submariner repos. This can be

Reviewer 2: I think we should generally avoid details of version support in the main docs, leave that for the release notes. If we have lots of version details scattered through the docs they eventually go stale, make maintenance harder.

Author: I wasnt sure of how we handle documentation for different versions and best practices around it. Had an idea that shouldn't use versions, but best way to get right answer is suggest wrong answer first :) Thanks for clarification.

Reviewer 4: I think documenting the version in which a feature appeared is fine, as long as we avoid references to newness. Especially since we support multiple versions, but only provide a single set of documentation, we can’t expect users to read all the docs with a copy of the release notes for reference; what’s more, the link between a feature in “how to use” documentation and the corresponding entry in the release notes might not be obvious.

Reviewer 5: @dfarrell07 @skitt FWIW, I recently added https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-website/pull/697 which also mentions a specific version.  I don't have a strong opinion on this, but at least let's try to be consistent in our approach. 

Ideally, we should properly tag the website and publish per-release version of the docs, but until we do so we are going to face this challenge. In fact, we can already tag the website, the challenge is more with the Hugo theme and how it can be adopted to support clear and easy navigation between versions (see https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-website/issues/428). Maybe something we should bring in 0.13 planning?

Reviewer 2: > I think documenting the version in which a feature appeared is fine, as long as we avoid references to newness.

This makes sense, thanks @skitt and @nyechiel. I'll send a PR to https://submariner.io/development/website/style-guide/ to help us be consistent.

Reviewer 2: > I'll send a PR

https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-website/pull/705

> command output can be accessed from the Pod's logs. `--in-cluster` has been added to `subctl diagnose` to support this use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can be accessed from the Pod's logs. Use the `--in-cluster` flag for `subctl diagnose` to access this feature.
```

> A new flag, `--in-cluster` has been added to support this use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--in-cluster` has been added to support this use case.
```

Another example of wording that will go stale, should not reference the newness of a particular version.

#### Example running `subctl diagnose` using a Job

```yaml
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: submariner-diagnose
  namespace: submariner-operator
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: submariner-diagnose
        image: quay.io/submariner/subctl:latest
        command: ["subctl",  "diagnose", "all", "--in-cluster"]
      restartPolicy: Never
      serviceAccount: submariner-diagnose
      serviceAccountName: submariner-diagnose
  backoffLimit: 0
```

> Created Pod can be accessed with label `job-name=submariner-diagnose`. A similar template can also be used to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The resulting Pod with `subctl diagnose all --in-cluster` logs can be accessed with the label `job-name=submariner-diagnose`. A similar template can also be used to
```

> A similar template can also be used to create a CronJob that runs `subctl diagnose` periodically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A similar template can also be used to create a `CronJob` that runs `subctl diagnose` periodically.
```

I think this K8s object should be `CodeStyle`.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#code-style-inline-code

Although I see they don't don that in their own docs. :sweat_smile: 

https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/job/automated-tasks-with-cron-jobs/

So definitely a non-blocker, whatever you think I guess.

| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`        | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s)
| `--namespace` `<string>`         | Namespace in which Submariner is installed (default `submariner-operator`)
| `--yes`                          | Automatically answer yes to confirmation prompt

### Running `subctl diagnose` from a Pod in cluster

> As of 0.12.0, a `subctl` image is provided for running the `subctl` binary from a Pod within a cluster. The output of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 0.12.0, a [subctl](quay.io/submariner/subctl) image is provided for running the `subctl` binary from a Pod within a cluster. The output of
```

Since subctl comes in different forms, it would be good if we provide a link while referring to the subctl image.

> `subctl diagnose` command output can be accessed from the Pod's logs. `--in-cluster` has been added to `subctl diagnose`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the `subctl diagnose` command output can be accessed from the Pod's logs. The `--in-cluster` flag was added to `subctl diagnose`
```
